someday I hope one pray for we will find
a cure for cancer and I want it done in
my time the time has come in America
when the same kind of concentrated
effort that split the atom and took man
to the moon should be turned toward
conquering this dread disease in fact it
is now conceivable that our children's
children will know the term cancer only
is a constellation of stars for the
first time in human history we can say
with some measure of confidence that the
war on cancer is winnable it will launch
a new effort to conquer a disease that
has touched the life of nearly every
American including me by seeking a cure
for cancer in our time cancer is a
worldwide scourge the fastest growing
disease on earth by 2030 there will be
as many as 22 million cases worldwide
cancer afflicts 1.7 million Americans
each year and kills six hundred thousand
of them
more will die from cancer over the next
two years then died in combat in all the
wars the United States has ever fought
combined one in two American men and one
in three American women will be
diagnosed with cancer in their lifetimes
and nearly everyone will be close to
someone who suffers from it make no
mistake this is one of the most
significant human challenges in our
history to imagine that we will find a
simple solution to this I think doesn't
do service to the true complexity the
problem cancer is part of our genetic
inheritance we will always have cancer
amidst us within us amongst us
you